Add support for float intervals and min/max warnings for number inputs (#26190)
directus/directus: .changeset/mighty-facts-study.md

---
'@directus/app': minor
---

> Added support for decimal intervals and min/max validation for float fields

Reviewer: Let’s update the changeset and the PR title as well.

```suggestion
Added support for float intervals and min/max warnings for number inputs
```
